Copyright (c) 2020 Palo Alto Networks




THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) BETWEEN YOU (REFERRED TO HEREIN AS “YOU” or “YOUR”) AND (A) PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC., 3000 TANNERY WAY, SANTA CLARA, CA 95054, IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN NORTH OR LATIN AMERICA; OR (B) PALO ALTO NETWORKS (NETHERLANDS) B.V., OVAL TOWER, DE ENTRÉE 99-197, 5TH FLOOR, 1101 HE AMSTERDAM, IF YOU ARE LOCATED OUTSIDE NORTH OR LATIN AMERICA (“PALO ALTO NETWORKS”).  


BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, REGISTERING, ACCESSING, EVALUATING OR OTHERWISE USING PALO ALTO NETWORKS CONTENT YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE BOUND TO THESE TERMS. 


This content is owned, operated, licensed, and/or controlled by Palo Alto Networks, which we own copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights in and we retain all such rights to ("Content").  Content includes, but is not limited to, icons, photographs, white papers, policies, remediation steps, product documentation, as well as, technology overviews, software in both source and binary forms, sample code, scripts, APIs, SDKs.

Palo Alto Networks grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable license under its and other applicable copyrights to (1) download or use one copy of Content to a single computer, if applicable, solely for your personal and non-commercial internal use; or (2) if you have an existing business relationship with Palo Alto Networks, you may download Content for use in furtherance of, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the provisions of your separate written agreement with Palo Alto Networks. If software, executable files or programs are not accompanied by their own terms and conditions, our End User Agreement shall govern their use.

This is a license, not a transfer of title, and your use of Content is subject to the following restrictions: You may not: (a) modify the  Content or use them for any commercial purpose, or any public display, performance comparison, sale or rental; (b) decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble Content except and only to the extent permitted by applicable law; (c) remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Content; (d) transfer the Content to another person. Further, you agree to prevent any unauthorized copying (except in the course of loading or installing), modifying, or create derivative works of Content, and you agree that any copy which you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original. You may not sublicense, transfer or assign, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, any right or license in the Content Any attempted sublicense, transfer or assignment shall be void.

Palo Alto Networks and Palo Alto Networks’ retains exclusive ownership of all right, title, and interest of all intellectual property in and to the Content, including all copies and derivative works made by Palo Alto Networks. Nothing in this Agreement constitutes a sale or other transfer or conveyance of any right, title, or interest in the Content. You will not delete or in any manner alter the copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights notices or markings appearing on the Content. All trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Content are the property of Palo Alto Networks.

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Palo Alto Networks and anyone on its behalf, including but not limited to, all of its owners, managers, officers and employees, harmless against any losses, expenses, costs, claims, damages (including reasonable attorneys’ fees, expert fees and other reasonable costs of litigation) arising from, incurred as a result of, or in any manner related to your breach of these terms.

ALL CONTENT, AND THE COMPILATION AND ARRANGEMENT OF THE CONTENT, ARE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND, WHERE APPLICABLE, OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SPECIFIED, NO PORTION OF THE INFORMATION MAY BE REPRODUCED, MODIFIED, PUBLISHED, UPLOADED, POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR DISTRIBUTED IN ANY FORM, OR BY ANY MEANS, WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF PALO ALTO NETWORKS, AND NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS CONFERRING BY IMPLICATION, ESTOPPEL OR OTHERWISE ANY LICENSE OR RIGHT UNDER ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK OR COPYRIGHT OF PALO ALTO NETWORKS OR ANY THIRD PARTY.

THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL PALO ALTO NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOSS OF USE OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES) INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS THE  CONTENT, UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER SUCH PALO ALTO NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
 
If you are located in North or Latin America, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of California, excluding its conflict of laws principles. Any legal action or proceeding arising under this Agreement will be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in Santa Clara, California, or the Northern District of California, as applicable. If you are located outside North or Latin America, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands, excluding its conflict of laws principles. Any legal action or proceeding arising under this Agreement will be brought exclusively before the District Court of Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply.
